Story Board v 2.0

Scene 1:
	Script: You've just arrived at WTAMU, and found that you could use a few things 
	to spice
	up your dorm.  You happen across, quite by accident, an antique furniture store.
	Behind the counter is a rather unhappy looking gentleman with a powdered wig.
	Upon seeing you his demeanor brights.  "Excellent, a customer, finally!  I 
	haven't had a single customer since I hired this code monkey here!  The name 
	on the sign is correct, but he's rather bungled up the capitization, and I'm 
	afraid it isn't as easy to read as it should be when people drive by it. 
	Mayhap you know a bit of coding?  I could sure use the help."

	Description: An antique shop with a old English figure in a powdered wig, with a 
	monkey in the background typing on an old computer.  

Scene 2:
	Script:  "Excellent! It looks fantastic! Unfortunately, due to the lack of 
	customers, and the cost it took to get this chimp flea dipped, I can't afford to 
	pay you. But what I can do is give you this old chest"  As you start to tell the 
	shopowner you don't need a chest, he ignores you and continues "Of course every 
	young college student needs a chest, a sea chest at that!  Why think of all the 
	rum it must be able to hold!  Now, if you don't have any money to spend, I must 
	ask you to leave with this rather unsightly sea chest you've brought in as I 
	have no need of it, and take that pesky monkey with you!"  Arriving back at your 
	dorm with a new old sea chest and a monkey in tow, you try to open it(the chest, 
	not the monkey!).  Drat! It's locked!  You look at the monkey, maybe he knows 
	something about the chest.  You look up in time to see the monkey make a rather
	rude gesture to himself in the mirror.  Double drat!! The monkey is an idiot. 
	It's up to just you to get this chest open....

Scene 3:
	Script:  Success!  As the lid opens, you recieve a rather strong slap on the back
	by your new roommate, the chimp.  That hurt!  But the impact caused you to lurch 
	forward, and has given you a new angle to view the inside of the chest.  You 
	spot a rather curious crease, and upon a bit of force and a screw driver, you 
	manage to pry it open.  Inside you find some rather odd items:  some 5 1/4 inch 
	floppy disks, a rubber mallet, some old letters, and an old oil cloth.  The chimp
	immediately grabs the mallet and hits you upside the head with it!  This monkey
	is going to be the death of you!  Upon a closer examination of the oil cloth, 
	you find markings that could only be a treasure map of some sort!  Who's chest
	was this, where could this map lead, and does anyone even have a floppy drive
	on their computers anymore?  Looking at the letters, you notice one says "In 
	case of my untimely demise, seek out ..."  Hmm, it's a bunch of numbers.  It must
	be some kind of code!  You feel a tap on your shoulder.  As you turn around, the 
	monkey holds out two items, a keyboard, and the mallet.  Maybe he's not so 
	stupid!  You grab your keyboard and get to work trying to crack this code....

Scene 4:
	Upon arriviing at the university, a secretary is nice enough to show you to
	Monty's office.  He's not in, but she tells you he should be finished with
	his class soon, and that you can wait inside.  You seat yourself, and looking
	around he can tell that Monty is quite eccentric.  He has a stuff rabbit
	with fangs, a case that reads "Holy Hand Grenade", a picture of himself followed
	by the words "... and the Meaning of Life", and what seems to be a dead parrot.

	"And now for something completely different! Some monkey is in my office, and
	he's brought his chimp with him!"  Monty seems to have snuck up on you, and is
	not pleased to find you in his office it seems.  Afraid he may kick you out, you
	rather rapidly tell him what brought you to his office.

	"A map you say?  From a chest?  With floppy disks?  The former two interest me
	 but that last one sounds like a personal problem!  May I see the map?"  You 
	 lay the map on his desk, and he leans forward to examine it more closely.  
	 "You were right to bring this to me, though I'm unsure who would have left
	 that note, but I am perhaps the most reknowned programmer of Python the 
	 world has ever seen!"  

	 He sits a few more minutes in silence studying the map.  Looking up, he seems
	 somewhat perpelexed.  "Well, this is rather embarrassing, but I don't have a 
	 clue other than I can tell we'll need a boat.  A boat of which you'll need to
	 provide, provided of course that you can figure out this bit here..." as he
	 points to an area on the map that seems to be possibly gibberish.  "If you
	 can solve this bit, then we may have quite the adventure ahead of us!  But 
	 first things first, solve this, and then get us a boat!"
	 
Scene 5:
	Arriving at the docks, you begin your search for a ship to take you on your
	voyage.  Unfortunately none of the ships that are for hire suit your needs,
	or the crews just plain scare you off.  How did that Gilligan fellow even
	become a first mate being that much of a clutz, and was that a patched
	hold in their ship?  And the Love Boat?  That's NOT what you need for this
	trip, but maybe for Spring Break.  

	After a long day of unsuccessful searching, you find yourself in a small,
	smoke-filled restaurant.  Upon sitting at a small table to the side, the
	owner comes over to your table.  "Let me introduce myself to ye mate, I 
	be Long John Slither.  I hear ye be looking for a ship.  I've got an old
	ship that should suit ye, and I can even find a crew for it if ye be 
	interested.  Ye'd even be getting me as your chef, and not a finer fish
	fryer will ye find on these docks if I do say so myself!  And best still
	if ye can help me out with a small problem I be having here, you'll have your
	ship free of charge!"

	Description:  For the animation, thinking we'd have several pictures that 
	would make a slideshow - one of the ship from Gilligan's Island with crew,
	one of the Love Boat with crew, one of the Titanic split in half and sinking
	, and one of the Next Generation bridge with crew.  Each will have a large
	red X marked over it, then moved off to pane to reveal the next image.  After
	the ships are done, we'd have a picture of LJS, a snake with a wooden spoon for
	a tail - Long John Silver had a peg leg, thus the wooden tail part, and he was
	a cook, so make the peg leg into a wooden spoon tail of sorts.

Scene 6:
	A few days later you and your crew have set sail and are now out on the open sea.
	"Who hired that snake for a cook?"  Monty's rhetorical question heralds his
	arrival at the door to your quarters.  Letting him in, he continues "Do you know
	what that reptile cooked for lunch?  His own shedding and he has the nerve to 
	call it stew!  What's for dinner, roach chili?  We best find this island of 
	yours soon before we die from starvation or food poisoning!"  

	As you both sit down at the nearby table, you bring a lamp closer to better
	illuminate the map laying across it.  "Well, we've followed the easy clues
	on the map, but looks like the last one is a bit tricky.  You'd best break
	out that laptop of yours and get to work!"  

Scene 7:
	"Land!  Thank God and his son Brian! Hopefully there's food here that's 
	not snake swill or rat meat!" As Monty is about to leap over the edge of 
	the boat to run to find something edible on the island, he's met with a 
	sword at his throat!

	"What do ye mean calling me cooking swill?  And rats be my delicacy! If 
	me and me mates weren't about to turn on ye anyway, that insult would have
	sealed your fate!"  Pyrates!  Long John Slither and his crew are pyrates!

	"Take 'em below deck and lock 'em in the hold!  We may have need of 'em later!"
	One of his crew takes the map from you as they lead you, Monty, and the chimp
	down to the hold and lock you inside.  

	"Well this is a fine mess you've gotten us into!  How do you expect to get us
	out of here without getting us killed?"  Monty is right, you've got to get out
	somehow!  Looking around the hold, you search for something.  Well, the chimp found a crate of bananas, and it looks like Monty's empty stomach is 
	provoking him to fight the monkey for those bananas.  This could get ugly fast!
	You examine the locked door a bit closer, and it seems there's a puzzle of sorts
	that might hold the key to unlocking it.  Time to see if you can crack it!

	Description:  LJS now has a blade on his tail rather than the wooden spoon.

Scene 8:
	If a group of pyrates wasn't easy enough to follow in the sand, the slither
	trail of their leader is.  

	*** This is still up in the air.  It depends on what we find/can do with
	animation to determine what the trap is that is sprung on the pyrates.

Scene 9:
	"... and that's for cooking my hat!"  Seemingly satisified with the pyrates'
	fate, Monty catches up to you.  Luckily enough, it seems Slither and his crew
	made some notes on the map that have assisted you in finding something quite 
	odd.

	You find yourselves standing in a cave with a skeleton, a bunch of electric
	cables, and an old power generator.  You try the generator, and it seems to still have some power left in it.  A whirring of unseen machines begins to 
	reverberate throughthe cave, however, you don't see any kind of useable device
	aside from the generator as the cables disappear into the walls.  Upon closer inspection, you find a floppy disk drive inside the skeleton's mouth.  "Well
	it's a good thing you brought those with you from several scenes back isn't it?" Monty is right, it is a good thing you kept those!  Inserting one into the 
	skeleton's maw, you hear a sound, and can make out a very faint glow from one
	of the walls.  As you sweep your hand across the wall, you find a monitor that
	was inbedded there all along, just covered in inches of dust.  On the monitor
	is what is hopefully the last puzzle of this trip

Scene 10:
	A door slides open, revealing a second chamber.  This one however is home to a
	very large, gold plated chest in the center of the room.  "Well it's about
	bloody time!  Now as long as this doesn't melt our faces when we open it, I 
	think we can call this a rather excellent adventure!"  Hopefully this isn't 
	the Ark, but just in case, it might be best to be careful!  Aside the chest,
	the room is rather unremarkable.  No gold, no coins, no gems, nothing that
	would indicate any vast wealth except for what may lie in the chest.  
	Examining the chest...another puzzle!  What could it mean?  

Completion:
	Not sure what is in the chest, we have a few ideas, but we're going to see
	what we can find image wise, and what we can do with it or make our own.  
